Name:Navdeep Virdi
Student Number: 166485193
Email:nvirdi2@myseneca.ca
Section: NAA_home
Workshop: 4

Work shop 4 reflection
    In this workshop I have learned how to create arrays and parallel arrays. The use of 
Arrays made it easier to take in values and organize them in the table. This made it easier to 
read the variable and see what value is for what day. The array organized the variable of high and
low temperature of the following day. An alternative way to create the same table with the values
would have taken a longer time and process. I would have created a a lot of printf statements and then 
I would have made many if, else loops. The array made it easier to take the values and display them 
because I did not have to go the long way. 

    Parallel arrays were in the starting hard to understand and process. However, when I got the values
and I got how to print out the statement, I was then able to create the parallel array and that made it easier
to organize the values for each of the following days. The values looked very clean and for the user it was much more
organized to read. The idea of a parallel array was much more efficient and the values were much more clean. 
However, as amazing as arrays are the part that made it hard was if there was more variables. When there are more variables
it would be hard to go across to the table and not mess up. 

    It is good to practice looping and arrays because when it comes to simple problems you do not want to sit there
and create a long program that loops forevers. It is good to practice iterator variable as zero because then later on 
you can add to the variables. Also, you can define a a number with a certain variable in one loop and then later change it in the 
other loop. However, you would just need declare the variable once and then later on assign it the number you would want to. 
This practice makes it easier because then you would not have to keep declaring it for each loop and it would already be there 
made before hand. All you would have to do is use it in your loop. 
